Add the callout label anchor point (#5445)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/style_library/label_settings.rst

   from the feature (or its anchor point if a polygon) where callout lines end.
   Eg, this avoids drawing lines right up against the edges of the features.
#. Set the :guilabel:`Offset from label area` option: controls the distance

>    from the label anchor point where callout lines end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   from the label anchor point (where the callout line ends).
```

   This avoids drawing lines right up against the text.
#. |checkbox| :guilabel:`Draw lines to all feature parts` from the feature's
   label

> #. Set the :guilabel:`Anchor point` on the (polygon) feature to use as end

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Set the :guilabel:`Anchor point` for the (polygon) feature (the end
```

>    point of the connector line. Available options are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   point of the connector line). Available options:
```

   * :guilabel:`Pole of inaccessibility`
   * :guilabel:`Point on exterior`
   * :guilabel:`Point on surface`
   * :guilabel:`Centroid`
#. Set the :guilabel:`Label anchor point`: controls where the connector

>    line should join to the label text. Available options include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   line should join to the label text. Available options:
```

   * :guilabel:`Closest point`
   * :guilabel:`Label centroid`

>    * Fixed corners, ie :guilabel:`Top left`, :guilabel:`Top center`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Fixed position at the edge (:guilabel:`Top left`, :guilabel:`Top center`,
```

     :guilabel:`Top right`, :guilabel:`Left middle`, :guilabel:`Right middle`,

>      :guilabel:`Bottom left`, :guilabel:`Bottom center` and :guilabel:`Bottom right`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     :guilabel:`Bottom left`, :guilabel:`Bottom center` and :guilabel:`Bottom right`).
```
